Add new project areas section (#96)
backstage/community: project-areas/README.md

# Backstage Project Areas

This directory contains external and internal information about many of the
Backstage project areas. It is not required for a project area to be documented
here. A full list of the Backstage project areas can be found in
[OWNERS.md](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/OWNERS.md#project-areas).

## For Maintainers

For project area maintainers that want to learn more about the common ways of
working across project areas, as well different tools you can use within the

> project area, see [guidance.md](./Maintainer-Guidance.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project area, see [the guidance article](./Maintainer-Guidance.md).
```

Each area owns their own documentation within this directory, please add
yourselves as code owners.

## FAQ

### Why is X not a project area?

There are many pieces of Backstage that could be their own project areas. In
some cases there's a tradeoff to be made for how granular our division of the
project is. It might be the case that a potential area is either too large or
small in scope. Good guidelines for a project area is that it should not be
trivially small, but also not larger than what a single team is able to manage.
Project areas are also a permanent structure, in the sense that temporary

> working groups or task forces to not organize into a project area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
working groups or task forces do not organize themselves into a project area.
```
